Snatch divided
The Undertaker is no match for Guru Longwei at all
Let's congratulate Master Longwei
Please enter the finals
Ah!
The next showdown
There will be Li Changlong, the owner of Feilong Hall, against Feilong Martial Arts Hall
Long Fei
The black curator is the master of our old school
And Long Fei is our year
Grandmaster representative of the light generation
Who wins and who loses in this master-disciple showdown?
Let's wait and see.
Ah!
I didn't expect it.
You will come to me this way
You are no match for me
Admit defeat, master
I was treated as a warrior and rose to the challenge
How can you admit defeat easily
This is what you taught me
Sorry to call me master.
The stupid things you did
today
No mercy
Those were all deliberately designed and framed
Ghost little junior sister two little guesses
like-minded
Why be honest with him?
You mean the teacher is wrong?
Humph
I saw it with my own eyes that day
How can it be fake
I have proof.
evidence
What tricks are you playing?
Unless you can defeat me head-on
Otherwise it's useless to say anything
partial trust
stubborn
Someone has to break it
You antiques
Specially pull the old era to an end
Don't give me these big words
Wait until you defeat me
I show respect
I will defeat you head-on with the martial arts you gave me
Use my martial arts to deceive teachers and destroy ancestors
Is this your way of respecting teachers?
I don't want to appear anymore
Master Li's statue
That famous dragon statue?
What do you see?
I also used his method
Same as the dragon statue
Your image seems to be more powerful than the interest gallery
Could it be that
Is this going to be a trick of making blue out of blue?
Say Lele is yours
As the saying goes, power is afraid of the young
I'm going to give you three moves
Stupid what did you say
I'll give you three moves
It's not that I look down on you.
But to let you know what is called
Blue is better than blue
Let someone know
Conspiracy is just a sideline
Destined to go far
Only upright
The results achieved by one's own strength
Will be respected by the world